# A1: ***VECTO***


The goal of this project is twofold. First, to create an online community aimed at assisting future ERASMUS students with relevant information and real stories of their potential destinations. Second, to allow ex-ERASMUS students to have a way of sharing their experience and feel fulfilled by helping others. The project should consist of the specification, implementation and promotion of a web-based information system for the above goals. Furthermore, we intend to provide a RESTful API (side by side with the web platform) to grant access to other applications that would like to use our information.

There comes a time when every student grasps to search for more information about the several faculties to them available within the ERASMUS program. Our own is not far away, and to try to simplify and aggregate the available information we will ease this access by providing a platform that gives students a simple way to provide their own experience during the program duration, as we would like to have already.

The proposed platform will be user friendly and provide good UX (User eXperience) and UI (User Interface). This will be true for all environments: Desktop, tablet, smartphone. The technologies used will allow for intuitive navigation, and ours should follow REST principles (see Link Structure bellow ^[[1](#Annex-REST-Link-Structure)]). Good SEO (Search Engine Optimization) practices will also be applied throughout. 

Users of the platform are separated according to their level of access. There are three types of users:
 * Unregistered users - Users that can view the public content of the website, from news/stories to comments and public profiles of registered users.
 * Registered Users - After logged in, this user has the possibility not to only view the public content of the website, but also publish news/stories and comment posts.
 * Administrator - The administrator(s) have the ability to manage (edit/delete) content produced by any other user. They can also manage information pertaining to the faculties.

 
***
 
## Annex REST Link Structure

| TYPE        | URL                                            		|
|------       |----                                            		|
|Faculties    | `https://vecto.io/fac/$facName`                 	|
|Users        | `https://vecto.io/user/$userName`               	|
|Stories/News | `https://vecto.io/article/$articleId-$articleTitle` |

 
#### GROUP1721, 14/02/2018

 > Afonso Ramos - up201506239@fe.up.pt
 > Daniel Silva - up201503212@fe.up.pt
 > Miguel Ramalho - up201403027@fe.up.pt
 > Vitor Minhoto - up201303086@fe.up.pt
